musics about making records and putting
music out there it's not about making
one record and partying off the success
for like two or three years and you know
touring it and milk and milk in the life
out of it's just about making music
the fact the album's called shangri-la r
as well is that and when after you hear
what doesn't kill you and probably a few
of Attraction what you think well it
says this isn't very peaceful or now
this that sound like he was in paradise
but they're like thing behind it was
that because I was able to get all those
you know dark subjects out of me that I
was keeping inside that I could feel at
peace I'd show the musicians and songs
play it four or five times between those
takes would sort out little bits of
arrangement or rickel putting his ideas
or musicians would or i'd say i wanted
it to be and and then you know record it
one or two more times and we had it and
then it's on to the next song and then
you wake up the next day about noon for
yourself a nice cup of coffee and have a
cigarette and the nice sunshine and same
thing again it's lovely it was great to
be a making music again after traveling
around soon playing with these better
musicians and working with better right
as it's helped me to improve with the
right hand as a player and you know it's
inspiring to me it's that except
incentive to carry on and hopefully now
just be making records and they just by
myself like hopefully stiller no
recording in the nice nice areas of
malibu okay i didn't really I didn't
know who chad chad smith was i know the
cherry peppers were awarded i didn't
know anything about them no I'm not not
i'm not particularly fancy vengeance
there's just some guy walked in with his
cap on backwards and hey man and you
tell me nice old man navigon you drunk
it please then he needs to show me like
that goes at cello you played bill
withers use me many like the big guy
just grabbed me and started whacking the
drums oh bloody hell when i finished the
session i went back to regroup with me
ban dinner told him he'd been playing in
life chatsworth was playing employ him
no psych why does everybody keep why
does everybody keep going on like I
always Chad Smith then told me and
obviously when he started playing as
either this guy's pretty good but he
couldn't make the last session so any
played on for the tracks and then we got
Pete Thomasson play well as castellan
attractions it needs a great drummer man
it wake me up at ten in the morning
practice in the songs do you getting is
good for me
you